README.md, before:

# Instagram Reel Shuffler

Instagram does not currently provide a native "shuffle reels" button. This extension is a practical workaround: it shuffles the Reel links that are currently visible on your page and lets you jump through that queue in random order.

## What it does

- Collects visible Reel links (`/reel/...`) from the current page.
- Shuffles them with Fisher-Yates.
- Opens Reels in randomized order using `Next` or `Random`.
- Saves the queue in extension storage.

## Limitations

- It cannot override Instagram's backend ranking for your home Reels feed.
- It only shuffles Reel links loaded in your current browser view.
- It works on Instagram Web (`https://www.instagram.com`), not the mobile app.

## Install (Chrome/Edge)

1. Open `chrome://extensions` (or `edge://extensions`).
2. Enable **Developer mode**.
3. Click **Load unpacked**.
4. Select this folder: `instagram-reels-shuffler`.
5. Open Instagram web and use the floating panel at bottom-right.

## Usage

1. Open a profile Reels tab or any page with visible reel tiles.
2. Scroll a bit so more reel links are loaded.
3. Click `Shuffle Visible`.
4. Use `Next` or `Random` to watch in non-chronological order.

## Create a new GitHub repo

```bash
cd instagram-reels-shuffler
git init
git add .
git commit -m "feat: initial instagram reel shuffler extension"
gh repo create instagram-reels-shuffler --public --source=. --remote=origin --push
```

Commit message:

feat: add popup UI, icons, and Firefox support
- Popup with queue controls (Shuffle Visible, Next, Random, Clear)
- Extension icons (shuffle arrows on Instagram gradient)
- Message passing between popup and content script
- Firefox Manifest V3 compatibility (gecko settings)
- Updated README with Firefox install instructions

README.md, after:

# Reel Shuffler

Instagram doesn't have a "shuffle reels" button. This extension fixes that: it collects visible Reel links from any page, shuffles them with Fisher-Yates, and lets you watch them in random order.

## What it does

- Collects visible Reel links (`/reel/...`) from the current page
- Shuffles them randomly
- Opens Reels in randomized order using **Next** or **Random**
- Saves the queue in extension storage (persists across tabs)
- Popup UI to control the queue without the floating panel

## Install

### Firefox

1. Open `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox`
2. Click **Load Temporary Add-on...**
3. Select the `manifest.json` file inside this folder
4. Open Instagram and use the floating panel or the extension popup

### Chrome / Edge

1. Open `chrome://extensions` (or `edge://extensions`)
2. Enable **Developer mode**
3. Click **Load unpacked**
4. Select this folder
5. Open Instagram and use the floating panel or the extension popup

## Usage

1. Open a profile's Reels tab or any page with visible reel tiles
2. Scroll down to load more reels into view
3. Click **Shuffle Visible** (floating panel or popup)
4. Use **Next** to go through the shuffled queue, or **Random** to jump anywhere
5. **Clear Queue** to reset

## Limitations

- Only shuffles Reel links already loaded in your browser (scroll to load more)
- Works on Instagram Web (`https://www.instagram.com`), not the mobile app
- Cannot override Instagram's backend ranking for the home Reels feed
